hi so my video this week is about so she
conned he was a very prolific innovative
inventive anime director who sadly
passed away it was Tuesday he was only
46 and he died of pancreatic cancer I
was out in the film of editing life
about and I were always screamed out
loud like he was my favorite anime dress
and fall time and here s my favorite
anime of all time perfect blue and I can
watch the enemies 15 years so I don't
say either one of those things lightly
perfectly this is the first atocha con
anime that I've ever seen it has a very
awkward kiss cock feel and vibe to it so
if you've ever seen any of his cups
films it kind of gives me an idea of
what it's like it's basically about a
Japanese pop singer me and me mercure go
away she decides to Lisa J pop group
she's been cam because she wants to
pursue a career as a serious actress so
she picks she's like really gritty like
adult with violent sexual roles right
because she's trying to leave behind her
teen pop of it so you know when you also
fill me basically find out that she has
a stalker like there's this person he
both love that about her and they know
like where she goes shopping for
groceries I'm like what train she takes
and like what chainsaw she gets off of
like you know obviously something's like
stalking her so what's really
interesting about perfectly though and
what stuff what stuff that apart from
other anime is you know so she can
really love the borderline between
what's reality and what's not reality so
there was a lot of scenes and perfectly
were like you didn't know like this is
absolutely happening is this a dream
that name is having is it a nightmare is
it something that she wants to do to
somebody and she's just a human about it
like there were a lot of scenes were
boasting Scott word and when he couldn't
really tell what you were walking so I
really liked that it was also it was the
kind of anime like you had to stay
invested in the whole time this is how
to pay attention he went know what was
going on and I loved the ending so I
just that's my favorite anime of all
time I see
vannamei so I don't say that lightly um
the second suppose class on myself is
paprika it came out in two thousand
seven so I basically bought this just
because it's so chic on directed it like
I hadn't seen it I hadn't run today but
as soon as I heard you came up with
another anime like I went online i
bought it i came from work i walked that
day i loved it so obviously too little
pops in the back of the DVD it's
basically about a machine that allows
scientists to answer a record except
extreme and after the machine got stolen
a detective and a therapist join forces
to recover the device before it falls
into the hands of June terrorists so
like I said I loved it it was very
surreal you can probably tell from the
artwork you know that it was a very
surreal anime this is what his phones
look like you know it's kind of hard
work he did my favorite quote from
paprika it's actually on my facebook
facebook profile cuz I like it so much
it says don't you think that dreams and
the internet or similar they're both
areas where the request conscious mind
been and I think that quote from paprika
kind of encapsulates satoshi kon quirk
like that's basically the kind of seems
that he would have for like dreams and
consciousness and reality and just like
you know sir reality and stuff like that
so I saw millennium actress that's a
movie that he came out with a while ago
he was in between perfect wimp ricas so
basically it's about a japanese film
actress I think her name was Thiago who
was popular during the World War two ERA
and all of a sudden she quit acting and
she was dropped in society and basically
becomes restless so there's a journalist
se Bona and his fan of her so like she
wants to find out like you know what
happened to her and like why is he quit
house not Hollywood whatever like why
she quit we do so he finds her and
without giving too much of a plot away
it's basically he finds out that she
fell in love with a guy and that she
spent her whole life trying to find him
basically but you know also millennium
actress you see a lot of sort of what
you saw in perfect blue or there is a
lot of scenes with chiocca where you're
like
okay is this a memory that she's having
is this something that actually happened
to her is this her acting in a film from
like back in the day like there were a
lot of scenes where that was bored and
with Louboutins help I love stuff like
that he also directed a TV series called
paranoia agent it was a Chinese episode
TV series so I felt a whole thing when I
aired on cartoon network it's basically
about this character called go flutter
to slice this kid that goes around on
roadways too hospitable see if about the
sixth sense of angle and he attacks
people so at first you think he's
randomly as attacking people right so as
the TV series progresses you can see
that it's not random that he's
absolutely targeting people specifically
and that there's something that links
the people were being attacked together
so one of the main characters of the
anime is a animator it's a woman I don't
remember her name right but she's under
all this pressure to create a really
cute character that like Japanese TV
audiences will fall in love with so she
creates a character called me rummy this
was this cute little pink dog but I was
really tailed tomorrow me when Colonel
paranoia agent without summer roaming
becomes a really big character in
paranoia agent so it was really good i
got very surreal fours a lot of the
themes that work for in his other works
that i've mentioned he directed a fourth
film called tokyo godfathers wasn't the
only you know anime offense that I
haven't seen which I'm really dying to
see it's basically about these three
strangers in Tokyo we need each other on
Christmas Eve was due to leak all four
characters but one of them is
transgendered they find an abandoned
baby and then the animators kind of
follows them like you know food and I
like their interactions let the experts
they have them stuff like that so um
yeah but I mean that's that he only
directed five anime and think about the
kind of profound global impact he had on
an amazing film in general he later up
to five anime for phones and a TV series
so I think that's impressive the only
other director that I would even put a
satoshi kon sweet who's living right now
is hiding miyazaki and i think most
people know miyazaki he's directed you
know helping the council frittered away
keeps livery service etc etc but
Miyazaki's and may
is directly aimed at a children's
audience like I'm not saying that there
aren't things for adults enjoy because
I've of miyazaki's films but Satoshi Kon
stuff was different you know perfect
blue was rated R I mean there's violence
and perfectly their sexual content well
I don't suppose position commas that his
anime was mature but it wasn't
gratuitous it wasn't over the top like
berserk and you know I'm not going to go
to an argument about where the park is
good or not I'm just saying whether you
like it or not berserk is very good to
it as very with the top with the gore
and was a sexual content suppose he calm
and they was mature but he didn't overdo
it like that so I really appreciated
that I work so let me know your thoughts
if you were supposed to content if you
saw it in his anime let me know what you
think I'm saying to me hi